one of the biggest of these webs which
may be two yards or so across is
constructed by the Nephilim spider she
is huge
her legs can span six inches and she's
virtually blind a fly blundering into
her web is quickly seized she rapidly
injects it for the venom that will
liquefy the contents of its body
[Music]
she then wraps it up in silk and parks
it on the web to allow the venom to take
its effect
but Neff Allah is not alone on her web
our gyro DS is tiny much smaller even
than the fly and she could easily become
a meal for Nephilim she too is blind but
she's also felt the vibrations of the
struggling fly with what seems like
suicidal recklessness she approaches
nefler
still feasting on her prey
[Music]
and she too begins to eat food that
nefeli
not only caught but is conveniently
pre-digestion another capture calls
nefler away once again she stabs the fly
trusses it up and carries it away to
hang on the side of the web she'll eat
that later archer Odie's seems well
aware of what's going on
as soon as nefler has finished hanging
up her latest catch our roadies starts
trying to discover its precise position
by pulling the web filaments
[Music]
nephilim has returned to finish her
first meal
[Music]
meanwhile our Giro DS has run a line
from the top of the web to the fly which
is now cutting loose
[Music]
once the fly is free of the web she
lowers it down
[Music]
the stolen fly is now hanging entirely
free nefler won't be able to reclaim it
now even so our roadies must get it away
to a place where she can feed on it in
safety step by step
she heaves it up her theft is complete
you